Add sdk:execute to execute arbitrary code (#41)
kuzzleio/kourou: README.md

_See code: [src/commands/profile/import.ts](https://github.com/kuzzleio/kourou/blob/v0.11.0/src/commands/profile/import.ts)_

## `kourou role:export`

Exports roles

```
USAGE
  $ kourou role:export

OPTIONS
  --as=as              Impersonate a user
  --help               show CLI help
  --host=host          [default: localhost] Kuzzle server host
  --password=password  Kuzzle user password
  --path=path          [default: roles] Dump directory
  --port=port          [default: 7512] Kuzzle server port
  --protocol=protocol  [default: ws] Kuzzle protocol (http or websocket)
  --ssl                Use SSL to connect to Kuzzle
  --username=username  [default: anonymous] Kuzzle username (local strategy)
```

_See code: [src/commands/role/export.ts](https://github.com/kuzzleio/kourou/blob/v0.11.0/src/commands/role/export.ts)_

## `kourou role:import PATH`

> Import roles

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Imports roles.
```

  --protocol=protocol  [default: ws] Kuzzle protocol (http or websocket)
  --ssl                Use SSL to connect to Kuzzle
  --username=username  [default: anonymous] Kuzzle username (local strategy)
```

_See code: [src/commands/role/import.ts](https://github.com/kuzzleio/kourou/blob/v0.11.0/src/commands/role/import.ts)_

## `kourou sdk:execute`

Executes arbitrary code.

```
USAGE
  $ kourou sdk:execute

OPTIONS
  -v, --var=var        Additional arguments injected into the code. (eg: --var 'index="iot-data"'
  --as=as              Impersonate a user
  --code=code          Code to execute. Will be read from STDIN if available.
  --editor             Open an editor (EDITOR env variable) to edit the code before executing it.
  --help               show CLI help
  --host=host          [default: localhost] Kuzzle server host
  --password=password  Kuzzle user password
  --port=port          [default: 7512] Kuzzle server port
  --protocol=protocol  [default: http] Kuzzle protocol (http or ws)
  --ssl                Use SSL to connect to Kuzzle
  --username=username  [default: anonymous] Kuzzle username (local strategy)

DESCRIPTION
  Executes arbitrary code.

  Code Execution

>      provided code will be executed in an async method
>      you can access a connected and authenticated SDK with the "sdk" variable
>      templated variable passed as the command arguments are also accessible within the same name
>      return value will be printed on the standard output (eg: 'return await sdk.server.now();')
>      error will be catched and printed on the error output (eg: 'throw new Error("failure");')

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     Provided code will be executed in an async method.
     You can access a connected and authenticated SDK with the "sdk" variable.
     Templated variable passed as the command arguments are also accessible within the same name.
     Returned value will be printed on the standard output (e.g. 'return await sdk.server.now();')
     Errors will be caught and printed on the error output (e.g. 'throw new Error("failure");').
```
